hey pana pana casati the other closes
a poor black picasso that light
boys the states fighting for
about a minute and a half
be Argentine
poor children
and have a black christina box of
shit
poor poor
d
and now it's called Pablo l 2
I play pride I am diamond the
obverse a shit
diamond with reason are you so bank here by
good pages you get off your pants and
deliveries of the final poor black curo not
we are headed we are by
direct them
the last law that the son of a thousand whores
of flanders
and he is very fat
scaglia 380 nothing else incarnated until the
disputed homes
i
imagine do not pull the demand we do it
pt with the ass motherfucker is called
they welcomed the mind because your sister you
mom
the assholes
wait for the last the chill wait
50 min
do not
of the seam asshole environment that you are not
he was glad to discriminate
I do not know
son of an agreement and any much
dream see the whole state
system
that is calm that is to be
I'm going to start reading
words of Mr. Mormon Lord good
let's talk about chapter 25 stretch
the aggressions the little hands the
descendants of the priests of 9
they look like such a constitution or banal
of analyst prepared well was jorge
is saying
believe that Christ that passes our
maintain the essence of our building
the word
therefore they bought mobile phones that
you need and for now they did not try
more discover the people of antin this
law to cajaur not by my mouth
home
but run from me to all
first it is correct that we continue reading
and when we talk about the plot because
we go to the right after having
suffered many losses and many
functions began to remember the
words of Aaron Aaron when you read and
for accent in the first end the
lessons
but less
the sister of the point
but she
welcome users
to the shell
well I am much more
as part of the experiment
the day of the help to the smallest of the
children
I brought a more affected liquid is of
shit
Hello